to the girls how are my name is the
imac mayco and recently I joined the
network is under the world and I am very
happy to be here with you this
month under a full world two years like this
that throughout the month of April we have
had sweepstakes every week but before
tell them how you could win
in this last raffle I would like
tell them a little about me
channel next marks on my channel
you are going to find looks of everything
type from the most neutral to the
daily so the most dramatic and why
not also those of fantasy
rise
and not only that but they are also going to
find a little bit of fashion and why
I'm not going to take them with me to
what is my day to day
and good guys today I'm going to
be presenting this tutorial of
makeup using the famous palette
net 3 that is very fashionable
this is a perfect makeup for this
season of the year is very cool it looks
very father and combines perfect with
any tone that you could bring and
without further ado because we are staying
see how this makeup is done but not
they forget to stay until the end
to bail as you could have
an opportunity to win in this last
The second anniversary draw highlights
with this first of smartbooks I'm going to
make sure my makeup last me
all day the base that I will be
using today is this
revlon code stage web in color 320 la
which I will apply on my whole face and
good the imperfections that we have
covered will be covered with this
marx color corrector caster that the
I really like it a lot because it 's
for all
and now with those dark circles and those areas
red that had been covered I'm going to fix
all with this translucent powder theme
in the end
uy but now I look like fantasy is
time to give a little color to me
skin and I'll start with this blush of
16 jones formula in happy color and
then I will give dimension to my face
with this bronze one of venice
and to return a little bit of
luminosity to my face I will use
this lancôme illuminator
and now we are going to move to the eyes and
let's focus the camera
more or less so first thing that I'm going to
do is apply a timer state so that
the shadows that apply later have
something to adhere to I'll start with
this shadow to the limit which is going to
help make a transient shadow
so that he throws that he applies afterwards he does not
Notice where it starts and where
they end no no it's a darker shade
I put it in, I'm going to apply it
concentrating on the fold
going to factor and this shadow color
dark that is going to be the darkest that
let's apply this time I'm going to
concentrate on the external ub of the eye
and after blurring I'll take
strange that is a vanilla shadow
mate and I'm going to apply it in the arch of
the eyebrows to give a little light
you are my favorite shadow of the palette
naked 3 and until I'm going to be applying
in all the almond
with this lighter pink shadow 2 I'm going
to be carrying in the lacrimal to give
a little more light and open my eyes
going back to the 1 that was one of my
transitory shadows I'll take it in
the line of the lower lashes for
remark
going to the delineated I will use
per version that is a super delineator
black and I'm going to apply it inside of
the line of the eyelashes and outside
I'm going to apply these six in brown
of the torch brand that although it is a pencil
chubby how can you see how it matches
with this sponge it 's pretty easy to
apply now after you have finished
this is time to hook the tabs and
you have them in jazz like me
then we are going to apply about two or
Three generous layers of mascara and lashes
false if you have the eyelashes
as short as me
and from here to frame the look with the
eyebrows obviously you have to define the
fill them and shape them this I am
doing with this anastasia pencil of
religion
and finally to finish our
makeup I will be applying this
gloss detroit in a pink color
And now after settling in
hair are ready to go for a walk
well after this stadium finished
I hope you liked it
forget to go through my next channel
michael and subscribe if you do not what
have now done to participate in the
anniversary draw of this pongan
a lot of attention and take note of the
secret word
More details on how to participate in the
information box below I send you a
huge kiss wherever they are and
good luck to everyone
bye
two